DOCS-8200 Watchdog Insights Doc Update (#23622)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/watchdog/insights.md

[1]: /real_user_monitoring/explorer/search/#facets
[2]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/monitoring_page_performance/#event-timings-and-core-web-vitals
[3]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/monitoring_page_performance/#monitoring-single-page-applications-spa
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Synthetic Monitoring" %}}

<div class="alert alert-warning">Error Outliers for Synthetic Monitoring is in public beta.</div>

### Error outliers

Error outliers in Synthetic Monitoring display unexpected behaviors and performance deviations. These anomalies provide insights into the reliability issues in your [Synthetic browser tests][101]. Identifying these error outliers helps you troubleshoot errors in failed test runs, enhancing debugging and reducing Mean Time To Resolution (MTTR).

> In the banner card view, you can see:
> 
> * The number of error outliers for a failed test run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the banner card view, you can see the number of error outliers for a failed test run:
```

[1]: /real_user_monitoring/explorer/search/#facets
[2]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/monitoring_page_performance/#event-timings-and-core-web-vitals
[3]: /real_user_monitoring/browser/monitoring_page_performance/#monitoring-single-page-applications-spa
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Synthetic Monitoring" %}}

### Error outliers

> Error outliers in Synthetic Monitoring display unexpected behaviors and performance deviations. These anomalies provide insights into the reliability issues in your [Synthetic Browser Tests][101]. Identifying these error outliers helps you troubleshoot errors in failed test runs, enhancing debugging and reducing Mean Time To Resolution (MTTR).

Reviewer 2: I noticed the linked page doesn't capitalize "browser tests," so I think it's probably easiest to stay consistent 🙂 
```suggestion
Error outliers in Synthetic Monitoring display unexpected behaviors and performance deviations. These anomalies provide insights into the reliability issues in your [Synthetic browser tests][101]. Identifying these error outliers helps you troubleshoot errors in failed test runs, enhancing debugging and reducing Mean Time To Resolution (MTTR).
```

Reviewer 3: oh that one is suppose to be capitalized as it's a product :)

When reviewing failed test runs, you can see the number of error outliers on the failed test:

{{< img src="watchdog/synthetics_watchdog_outlier.png" alt="An overview of a failed browser test run with test step details and the error message which was identified as an error outlier for a failing test step by Watchdog" style="width:100%;" >}}

> Click on the outlier from the above step to access the error outlier message on the **Errors & Warnings** tab in the test step side panel.

Reviewer 2: Totally optional, but I like to have sentences like this in sequence (for example, users see the panel before they see the tab, so I like to mention them in that order). I think it helps cut down the cognitive load it takes for a user to follow the docs. But again, I wouldn't see it as a blocker here.
```suggestion
To view the error outlier message, click on the outlier. Then, on the test step side panel, click the **Errors & Warnings** tab.
```
